Atomic Transactions handling with Online DDL (#16585)
vitessio/vitess: doc/design-docs/AtomicTransactionsWithDisruptions.md

When Vttabet restarts, all the previous connections are dropped. It starts in a non-serving state, and then after reading the shard and tablet records from the topo, it transitions to a serving state. 
As part of this transition we need to ensure that we redo the prepared transactions before we start accepting any writes. This is done as part of the `TxEngine.transition` function when we transition to an `AcceptingReadWrite` state. We call the same code for redoing the prepared transactions that we called for MySQL restarts, PRS and ERS.

## Online DDL

During an Online DDL cutover, we need to ensure that all the prepared transactions on the online DDL table needs to be completed before we can proceed with the cutover. 
This is because the cutover involves a schema change and we cannot have any prepared transactions that are dependent on the old schema.

> In Online DDL code, once it adds query rules to buffer new queries on the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the cut-over process, Online DDL adds query rules to buffer new queries on the table.
```

> It now checks for any open prepared transaction on the table and waits for 100ms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then checks for any open prepared transaction on the table and waits for up to 100ms if found, then checks again.
```

> If it becomes empty then it moves forwards otherwise it fails the cutover and retry later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it becomes empty then it moves forwards otherwise it fails the cutover and retries later.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it finds no prepared transaction of the table, it moves forward with the cut-over, otherwise it fails. The Online DDL mechanism will later retry the cut-over.
```
